src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:15:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:39:	Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:39:	In J2EE, getClassLoader() might not work as expected.  Use Thread.currentThread().getContextClassLoader() instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like urlEnvironmentVariable
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:44:	Local variable 'urlEnvironmentVariable' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like usernameEnvironmentVariable
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:45:	Local variable 'usernameEnvironmentVariable' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like passwordEnvironmentVariable
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:46:	Local variable 'passwordEnvironmentVariable' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:54:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:59:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like ds
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:64:	Local variable 'ds' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/config/DataSourceConfig.java:95:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDao.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDao.java:15:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDao.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDao.java:16:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDao.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDao.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDao.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:24:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:24:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:33:	Parameter 'associateid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:33:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:36:	Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:37:	Local variable 'criteriaQuery' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:38:	Local variable 'root' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:40:	Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:47:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:61:	Parameter 'client' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:61:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:61:	Parameter 'marketingStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:61:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:63:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tfclient' (lines '63'-'65').
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:68:	Local variable 'tfms' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:70:	Local variable 'associate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:78:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'tfa' (lines '78'-'90').
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:78:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:80:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:80:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:81:	Avoid variables with short names like cb
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:81:	Local variable 'cb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:82:	Avoid variables with short names like cq
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:82:	Local variable 'cq' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:83:	Local variable 'from' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:84:	Local variable 'all' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:85:	Avoid variables with short names like tq
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:85:	Local variable 'tq' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:89:	Local variable 'tfa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/AssociateDaoHibernate.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDao.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:27:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:37:	Parameter 'batchName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:37:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:38:	Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:39:	Local variable 'criteriaQuery' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:40:	Local variable 'root' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:42:	Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:46:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'batch' (lines '46'-'63').
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:65:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:75:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'tb' (lines '75'-'85').
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:75:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:78:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:78:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:79:	Avoid variables with short names like tq
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:79:	Local variable 'tq' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:83:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:84:	Local variable 'tb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/BatchDaoHibernate.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDao.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:23:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:23:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:34:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:34:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:37:	Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:38:	Local variable 'criteriaQuery' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:40:	Local variable 'root' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:44:	Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:47:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'client' (lines '47'-'49').
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:56:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'client' (lines '56'-'64').
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:56:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:58:	Avoid variables with short names like cq
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:58:	Local variable 'cq' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:60:	Local variable 'clients' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:61:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:61:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/ClientDaoImpl.java:63:	Local variable 'client' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDao.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDao.java:13:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDao.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:20:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:23:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'tfa' (lines '23'-'35').
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:23:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:25:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:25:	Local variable 'curriculumsInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:26:	Avoid variables with short names like cb
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:26:	Local variable 'cb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:27:	Avoid variables with short names like cq
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:27:	Local variable 'cq' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:28:	Local variable 'from' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:29:	Local variable 'all' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:30:	Avoid variables with short names like tq
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:30:	Local variable 'tq' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:34:	Local variable 'tfa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/CurriculumDaoImpl.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAO.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAO.java:8:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAO.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAO.java:10:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAO.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAO.java:11:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAO.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAOImpl.java:12:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAOImpl.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAOImpl.java:13:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAOImpl.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAOImpl.java:18:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAOImpl.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAOImpl.java:23:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAOImpl.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAOImpl.java:28:	Parameter 'errorMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAOImpl.java:28:	Parameter 'queryName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAOImpl.java:28:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAOImpl.java:28:	Parameter 'successMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAOImpl.java:32:	Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAOImpl.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAOImpl.java:35:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAOImpl.java:36:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/DatabaseDAOImpl.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDao.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDao.java:15:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDao.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDao.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:23:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:23:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:27:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:27:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:29:	Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:30:	Local variable 'criteriaQuery' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:31:	Local variable 'root' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'query' (lines '33'-'35').
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:39:	Avoid variables with short names like bd
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:39:	Local variable 'bd' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:41:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'marketingStatus' (lines '41'-'53').
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:45:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:48:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:50:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:56:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'tfms' (lines '56'-'67').
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:56:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like marketingStatusEnts
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:58:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:58:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:59:	Avoid variables with short names like cb
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:59:	Local variable 'cb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like cq
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:60:	Local variable 'cq' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:61:	Local variable 'from' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:62:	Local variable 'all' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:63:	Avoid variables with short names like tq
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:63:	Local variable 'tq' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:66:	Local variable 'tfms' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoHibernate.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDAO.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDAO.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDAO.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:21:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:24:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:24:	Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:26:	Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:27:	Local variable 'criteriaQuery' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:29:	Local variable 'root' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:33:	Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:42:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'user' (lines '42'-'47').
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:49:	Parameter 'newUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:51:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'password' (lines '51'-'56').
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:52:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sessionFactory' (lines '52'-'57').
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:53:	Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:56:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'password' (lines '56'-'74').
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sessionFactory' (lines '57'-'74').
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:58:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:59:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:61:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:64:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:66:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfAssociateFirstName
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfAssociateLastName
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:37:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:40:	Parameter 'tfAssociateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:44:	Parameter 'tfAssociateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:44:	Parameter 'tfBatch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:44:	Parameter 'tfMarketingStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfAssociateFirstName
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfAssociateLastName
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:45:	Parameter 'tfAssociateFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:45:	Parameter 'tfAssociateLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:45:	Parameter 'tfClient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:45:	Parameter 'tfEndClient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:46:	Parameter 'tfInterviews' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:46:	Parameter 'tfPlacements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:65:	Parameter 'tfAssociateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:75:	Parameter 'tfBatch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:85:	Parameter 'tfMarketingStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:91:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:95:	Parameter 'tfClient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:95:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:101:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:105:	Parameter 'tfEndClient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:114:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfAssociateFirstName
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:114:	Parameter 'tfAssociateFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:119:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfAssociateLastName
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:123:	Parameter 'tfAssociateLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:123:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:128:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:132:	Parameter 'tfInterviews' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:132:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:137:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:141:	Parameter 'tfPlacements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfAssociate.java:141:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:38:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:41:	Parameter 'tfBatchId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:45:	Parameter 'tfBatchId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:45:	Parameter 'tfBatchLocation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:45:	Parameter 'tfBatchName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:45:	Parameter 'tfCurriculum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:46:	Parameter 'tfAssociates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:46:	Parameter 'tfBatchEndDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:46:	Parameter 'tfBatchStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:63:	Parameter 'tfBatchId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:73:	Parameter 'tfBatchLocation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:83:	Parameter 'tfCurriculum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:93:	Parameter 'tfBatchName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:93:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:102:	Parameter 'tfBatchStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:102:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:107:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:111:	Parameter 'tfBatchEndDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:111:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:116:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:120:	Parameter 'tfAssociates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:125:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:132:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:132:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatch.java:132:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfBatchLocationName
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:29:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:32:	Parameter 'tfBatchLocationId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfBatchLocationName
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:36:	Parameter 'tfBatchLocationId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:36:	Parameter 'tfBatchLocationName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:36:	Parameter 'tfBatches' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:49:	Parameter 'tfBatchLocationId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfBatchLocationName
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:58:	Parameter 'tfBatchLocationName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:67:	Parameter 'tfBatches' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfBatchLocation.java:73:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:33:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:36:	Parameter 'tfClientId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:40:	Parameter 'tfClientId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:40:	Parameter 'tfClientName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:40:	Parameter 'tfPlacements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:41:	Parameter 'tfAssociates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:41:	Parameter 'tfInterviews' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:56:	Parameter 'tfClientId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:65:	Parameter 'tfClientName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:74:	Parameter 'tfPlacements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:83:	Parameter 'tfAssociates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:92:	Parameter 'tfInterviews' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClient.java:97:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClientName.java:5:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfClientName.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:29:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:32:	Parameter 'tfCurriculumId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:36:	Parameter 'tfBatches' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:36:	Parameter 'tfCurriculumId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:36:	Parameter 'tfCurriculumName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:49:	Parameter 'tfCurriculumId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:58:	Parameter 'tfCurriculumName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:67:	Parameter 'tfBatches' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfCurriculum.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:31:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:34:	Parameter 'tfEndClientId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:38:	Parameter 'tfAssociates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:38:	Parameter 'tfEndClientId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:38:	Parameter 'tfEndClientName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:39:	Parameter 'tfInterviews' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:39:	Parameter 'tfPlacements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:54:	Parameter 'tfEndClientId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:63:	Parameter 'tfEndClientName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:72:	Parameter 'tfAssociates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:81:	Parameter 'tfPlacements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:90:	Parameter 'tfInterviews' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfEndClient.java:95:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfInterviewFeedback
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:34:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:37:	Parameter 'tfInterviewId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:41:	Parameter 'tfAssociate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:41:	Parameter 'tfClient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:41:	Parameter 'tfEndClient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:41:	Parameter 'tfInterviewId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfInterviewFeedback
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:42:	Parameter 'tfInterviewDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:42:	Parameter 'tfInterviewFeedback' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:42:	Parameter 'tfInterviewType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:59:	Parameter 'tfInterviewId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:69:	Parameter 'tfAssociate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:79:	Parameter 'tfClient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:89:	Parameter 'tfEndClient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:95:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:99:	Parameter 'tfInterviewType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:99:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:104:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:108:	Parameter 'tfInterviewDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:108:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:113:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfInterviewFeedback
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:117:	Parameter 'tfInterviewFeedback' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterview.java:117:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfInterviewTypeName
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:29:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:32:	Parameter 'tfInterviewTypeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfInterviewTypeName
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:36:	Parameter 'tfInterviewTypeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:36:	Parameter 'tfInterviewTypeName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:36:	Parameter 'tfInterviews' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:49:	Parameter 'tfInterviewTypeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfInterviewTypeName
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:58:	Parameter 'tfInterviewTypeName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:67:	Parameter 'tfInterviews' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfInterviewType.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfMarketingStatusId
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfMarketingStatusName
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:29:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfMarketingStatusId
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:32:	Parameter 'tfMarketingStatusId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfMarketingStatusId
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfMarketingStatusName
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:36:	Parameter 'tfMarketingStatusId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:36:	Parameter 'tfMarketingStatusName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:37:	Parameter 'tfAssociates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfMarketingStatusId
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:50:	Parameter 'tfMarketingStatusId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfMarketingStatusName
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:59:	Parameter 'tfMarketingStatusName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:68:	Parameter 'tfAssociates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfMarketingStatus.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfPlacementStartDate
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfPlacementEndDate
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:33:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:36:	Parameter 'tfPlacementId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:40:	Parameter 'tfAssociate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:40:	Parameter 'tfClient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:40:	Parameter 'tfEndClient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:40:	Parameter 'tfPlacementId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfPlacementEndDate
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfPlacementStartDate
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:41:	Parameter 'tfPlacementEndDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:41:	Parameter 'tfPlacementStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:57:	Parameter 'tfPlacementId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:67:	Parameter 'tfAssociate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:77:	Parameter 'tfClient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:87:	Parameter 'tfEndClient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfPlacementStartDate
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:96:	Parameter 'tfPlacementStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:101:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfPlacementEndDate
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:105:	Parameter 'tfPlacementEndDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfPlacement.java:105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:29:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:32:	Parameter 'tfRoleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:36:	Parameter 'tfRoleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:36:	Parameter 'tfRoleName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:36:	Parameter 'tfUsers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:49:	Parameter 'tfRoleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:58:	Parameter 'tfRoleName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:67:	Parameter 'tfUsers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfRole.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:20:	The class 'TfUser' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:20:	The class 'TfUser' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:20:	The class 'TfUser' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:41:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:44:	Parameter 'tfUserId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfUserHashpassword
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:48:	Parameter 'tfRole' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:48:	Parameter 'tfUserHashpassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:48:	Parameter 'tfUserId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:48:	Parameter 'tfUserUsername' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:55:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:55:	Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:55:	Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:65:	Parameter 'tfUserId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:73:	Parameter 'tfRole' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:82:	Parameter 'tfUserUsername' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfUserHashpassword
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:90:	Parameter 'tfUserHashpassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:95:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:96:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:97:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '97'-'98').
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:104:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:104:	The method 'equals' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:104:	The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:104:	The method 'equals' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:104:	The method equals() has an NPath complexity of 256
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:104:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:106:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:109:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:112:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:114:	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:117:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:120:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:123:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:127:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/entity/TfUser.java:130:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=92, ATFD=51, TCC=0.0960960960960961)
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:12:	The class 'AssociateInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 28).
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:12:	The class 'AssociateInfo' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 28).
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:12:	The class 'AssociateInfo' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 28).
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:40:	Parameter 'msid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:48:	Parameter 'clid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:56:	Parameter 'ecid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:64:	Parameter 'bid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:72:	Parameter 'curid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:76:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:76:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:77:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:77:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:79:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:93:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:93:	Parameter 'client' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:93:	Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:93:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:93:	Parameter 'lastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:93:	Parameter 'marketingStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:102:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:102:	Parameter 'client' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:102:	Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:102:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:102:	Parameter 'lastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:102:	Parameter 'marketingStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:102:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:103:	Parameter 'batchName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:103:	Parameter 'curriculumName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:115:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:115:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:133:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:133:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:152:	Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:171:	Parameter 'lastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:190:	Parameter 'marketingStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:210:	Parameter 'client' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:211:	The String literal "None" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 211
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:228:	Parameter 'endClient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:232:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:236:	Parameter 'batchName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:236:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:240:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:244:	Parameter 'curriculumName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:244:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:249:	The method hashCode() has an NPath complexity of 390625
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:249:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:250:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:251:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '251'-'252').
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:264:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:264:	The method 'equals' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 28.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:264:	The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 28.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:264:	The method 'equals' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 28.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:264:	The method equals() has an NPath complexity of 524288
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:264:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:265:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:266:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:267:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:268:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:269:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:270:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:271:	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:273:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:274:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:275:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:276:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:278:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:279:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:280:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:281:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:283:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:284:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:285:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:286:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:288:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:289:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:290:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:291:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:293:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:294:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:295:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:296:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:298:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:299:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:300:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:301:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:303:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:304:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:305:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:306:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:308:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:309:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:310:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:311:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:316:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:323:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:323:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:323:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:327:	Parameter 'tfBatchId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:327:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:331:	Parameter 'tfClientId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:331:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:335:	Parameter 'tfCurriculumId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:335:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:339:	Parameter 'tfEndClientId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:339:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:343:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfMarketingStatusId
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:343:	Parameter 'tfMarketingStatusId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:343:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:347:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:351:	Parameter 'tfMarketingStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:351:	The method 'appendToMap' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:351:	The method 'appendToMap' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:351:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:352:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:352:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:352:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:353:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:388:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:388:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/model/AssociateInfo.java:388:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=47, ATFD=12, TCC=0.15579710144927536)
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:14:	The class 'BatchInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 19).
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:14:	The class 'BatchInfo' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 19).
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:14:	The class 'BatchInfo' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 19).
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:20:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:26:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:26:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:30:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:31:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:32:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:33:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:34:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:39:	Parameter 'startLong' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:47:	Parameter 'endLong' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:51:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:57:	Parameter 'startTs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:62:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:62:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:64:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:64:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:70:	Parameter 'associates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:82:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:88:	Parameter 'batchName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:88:	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:88:	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:95:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:96:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:104:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:104:	Parameter 'batchName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:104:	Parameter 'curriculumName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:104:	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:104:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:104:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:104:	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:126:	Parameter 'batchName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:142:	Parameter 'curriculumName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:158:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:174:	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:190:	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:195:	The method hashCode() has an NPath complexity of 3125
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:195:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:196:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:197:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '197'-'198').
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:207:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:207:	The method 'equals' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:207:	The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:207:	The method 'equals' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:207:	The method equals() has an NPath complexity of 8192
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:207:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:208:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:209:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:210:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:211:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:212:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:213:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:214:	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:216:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:217:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:218:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:219:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:221:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:222:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:223:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:224:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:226:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:227:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:228:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:229:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:231:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:232:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:233:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:234:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:236:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:237:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:238:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:239:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:244:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:250:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:250:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/BatchInfo.java:250:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:11:	The class 'ClientInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:11:	The class 'ClientInfo' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:28:	Parameter 'tfClientId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:36:	Parameter 'tfClientName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:44:	Parameter 'tfPlacements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:52:	Parameter 'tfAssociates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:60:	Parameter 'tfInterviews' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:65:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:69:	Parameter 'tfMarketingStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:69:	The method 'appendToMap' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:69:	The method 'appendToMap' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:70:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:70:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:106:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:106:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:114:	Parameter 'stats' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:118:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:118:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientInfo.java:118:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientMappedJSON.java:3:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientMappedJSON.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientMappedJSON.java:4:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientMappedJSON.java:4:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientMappedJSON.java:5:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientMappedJSON.java:6:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientMappedJSON.java:7:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientMappedJSON.java:10:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientMappedJSON.java:10:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientMappedJSON.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientMappedJSON.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientMappedJSON.java:16:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientMappedJSON.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientMappedJSON.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientMappedJSON.java:22:	Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/ClientMappedJSON.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumInfo.java:6:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumInfo.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumInfo.java:12:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumInfo.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumInfo.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumInfo.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumInfo.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumInfo.java:19:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumInfo.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumInfo.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumInfo.java:27:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumInfo.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumInfo.java:32:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumInfo.java:32:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumInfo.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:3:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:5:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:6:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:6:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:7:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:9:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:13:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:21:	Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:29:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:34:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:34:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:35:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/CurriculumJSON.java:35:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:8:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:14:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:21:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:21:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:27:	Parameter 'tfEndClientName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:33:	Parameter 'tfAssociates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:39:	Parameter 'tfPlacements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:43:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:43:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/EndClientInfo.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:7:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:13:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfInterviewFeedback
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:27:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:27:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:39:	Parameter 'tfAssociate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:51:	Parameter 'tfEndClient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:63:	Parameter 'typeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:75:	Parameter 'typeName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:87:	Parameter 'tfInterviewDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:93:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfInterviewFeedback
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:99:	Parameter 'tfInterviewFeedback' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:99:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:106:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:106:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/InterviewInfo.java:106:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/LoginJSON.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/LoginJSON.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/LoginJSON.java:18:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/revature/model/LoginJSON.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/LoginJSON.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/LoginJSON.java:26:	Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/LoginJSON.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/LoginJSON.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/LoginJSON.java:34:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/LoginJSON.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/LoginJSON.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/MarketingStatusInfo.java:6:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/model/MarketingStatusInfo.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/MarketingStatusInfo.java:12:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/MarketingStatusInfo.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/MarketingStatusInfo.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/MarketingStatusInfo.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/MarketingStatusInfo.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/MarketingStatusInfo.java:19:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/MarketingStatusInfo.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/MarketingStatusInfo.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/MarketingStatusInfo.java:27:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/MarketingStatusInfo.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/MarketingStatusInfo.java:32:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/revature/model/MarketingStatusInfo.java:32:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/MarketingStatusInfo.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:7:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:13:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfPlacementStartDate
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfPlacementEndDate
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:24:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:36:	Parameter 'tfAssociate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfPlacementStartDate
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:48:	Parameter 'tfPlacementStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfPlacementEndDate
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:60:	Parameter 'tfPlacementEndDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:67:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:67:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/PlacementInfo.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=66, ATFD=33, TCC=0.21164021164021163)
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:9:	The class 'StatusInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 16).
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:9:	The class 'StatusInfo' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 16).
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:9:	The class 'StatusInfo' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 16).
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UNMAPPED_CONFIRMED
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:55:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:73:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:109:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:109:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:109:	Parameter 'openUnmapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:109:	Parameter 'reservedMapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:109:	Parameter 'trainingMapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:109:	Parameter 'trainingUnmapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:110:	Parameter 'confirmedMapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:110:	Parameter 'confirmedUnmapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:110:	Parameter 'deployedMapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:110:	Parameter 'selectedMapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:110:	Parameter 'selectedUnmapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:111:	Parameter 'deployedUnmapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:141:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:160:	Parameter 'trainingMapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:179:	Parameter 'trainingUnmapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:200:	Parameter 'reservedMapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:221:	Parameter 'openUnmapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:242:	Parameter 'selectedMapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:263:	Parameter 'selectedUnmapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:284:	Parameter 'confirmedMapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:306:	Parameter 'confirmedUnmapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:328:	Parameter 'deployedMapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:350:	Parameter 'deployedUnmapped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:355:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:356:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:357:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '357'-'358').
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:373:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:373:	The method 'equals' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:373:	The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:373:	The method 'equals' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:373:	The method equals() has an NPath complexity of 16384
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:373:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:374:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:375:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:376:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:377:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:378:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:379:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:380:	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:381:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:382:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:383:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:384:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:385:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:386:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:387:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:388:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:390:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:391:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:392:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:393:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:394:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:395:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:396:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:397:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:398:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:399:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:400:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:401:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:402:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:403:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:408:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:416:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:416:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:416:	The method 'subtractFromMap' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:416:	The method 'subtractFromMap' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:416:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:454:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:454:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:454:	The method 'appendToMap' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:454:	The method 'appendToMap' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/revature/model/StatusInfo.java:454:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:25:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:33:	Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:41:	Parameter 'tfRoleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:49:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:57:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/model/UserJSON.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/request/model/CreateUserModel.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/request/model/CreateUserModel.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/request/model/CreateUserModel.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/request/model/CreateUserModel.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/request/model/CreateUserModel.java:33:	Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/request/model/CreateUserModel.java:47:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/request/model/CreateUserModel.java:61:	Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/request/model/SuccessOrFailMessage.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/request/model/SuccessOrFailMessage.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/request/model/SuccessOrFailMessage.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/request/model/SuccessOrFailMessage.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/request/model/SuccessOrFailMessage.java:36:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/security/AdminFilter.java:18:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/revature/security/AdminFilter.java:25:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/security/AdminFilter.java:28:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/security/AdminFilter.java:40:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/security/AdminFilter.java:42:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/security/AdminFilter.java:44:	Local variable 'jwt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/security/AdminFilter.java:46:	Local variable 'status' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/security/JwtFilter.java:18:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/revature/security/JwtFilter.java:25:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/security/JwtFilter.java:27:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/security/JwtFilter.java:39:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/security/JwtFilter.java:41:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/security/JwtFilter.java:43:	Local variable 'jwt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/security/JwtFilter.java:45:	Local variable 'status' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/security/NotAssociate.java:10:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/security/NotAssociate.java:14:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/revature/security/NotAssociateFilter.java:13:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/security/NotAssociateFilter.java:18:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/revature/security/NotAssociateFilter.java:25:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/security/NotAssociateFilter.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/security/NotAssociateFilter.java:33:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/revature/security/NotAssociateFilter.java:38:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/security/NotAssociateFilter.java:40:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/security/NotAssociateFilter.java:42:	Local variable 'jwt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/security/NotAssociateFilter.java:44:	Local variable 'status' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:33:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:33:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:46:	Parameter 'associateid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:47:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:48:	Local variable 'tx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:50:	Local variable 'associatedao' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:52:	Local variable 'associateinfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:56:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:58:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:65:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:80:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:80:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:81:	Parameter 'client' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:81:	Parameter 'marketingStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:86:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:96:	Local variable 'associates' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:99:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:105:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:106:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:106:	Local variable 'tx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:108:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:108:	Local variable 'tfAssociates' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:114:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:115:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:125:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:140:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '140'-'158').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:140:	Parameter 'ids' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:140:	Parameter 'marketingStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:141:	Parameter 'client' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:142:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:143:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:143:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tx' (lines '143'-'205').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:143:	Local variable 'tx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:146:	Local variable 'statusId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:147:	Local variable 'clientId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:149:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:149:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tfclient' (lines '149'-'205').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:149:	Local variable 'tfclient' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:150:	Local variable 'msi' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:153:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:156:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:156:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:157:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:158:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:158:	Avoid variables with short names like ai
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:158:	Local variable 'ai' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:159:	Local variable 'old' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:163:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:171:	Local variable 'oldms' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:180:	Avoid excessively long variable names like associateDaoHibernate
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:180:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:180:	Local variable 'associateDaoHibernate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:185:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:185:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:194:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:195:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:196:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:207:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:223:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'ai' (lines '223'-'232').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:223:	Parameter 'statusid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:230:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:230:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:231:	Local variable 'ai' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:232:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:234:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:236:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:246:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:262:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'ai' (lines '262'-'271').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:262:	Parameter 'statusid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:269:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:269:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:270:	Local variable 'ai' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:271:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:273:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:275:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:287:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:287:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:288:	Avoid variables with short names like ai
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:288:	Local variable 'ai' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:288:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:289:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:289:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:295:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/AssociateService.java:295:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:32:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:34:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:45:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:46:	Local variable 'batches' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:49:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:55:	Local variable 'batches' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:58:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:64:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:65:	Local variable 'tx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:67:	Local variable 'batchDao' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:68:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:74:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:75:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:85:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:107:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'bi' (lines '107'-'114').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:107:	Parameter 'fromdate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:107:	Parameter 'todate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:109:	Local variable 'batches' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:110:	Local variable 'sublist' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:111:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:113:	Local variable 'bi' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:114:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:116:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:116:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:116:	The String literal " <= " appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 116
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:116:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:116:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:117:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:118:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:118:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:118:	The String literal " todate: " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 118
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:118:	The String literal "fromdate: " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 118
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:118:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:118:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:119:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:119:	The String literal " endLong: " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 119
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:119:	The String literal " startlong: " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 119
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:120:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:123:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:123:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:123:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:123:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:124:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:125:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:125:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:125:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:125:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:126:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:127:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:135:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:149:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'bi' (lines '149'-'156').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:149:	Parameter 'fromdate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:149:	Parameter 'todate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:151:	Local variable 'batches' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:152:	Local variable 'sublist' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:153:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:155:	Local variable 'bi' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:156:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:158:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:158:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:158:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:158:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:159:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:160:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:160:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:160:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:160:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:161:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:162:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:165:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:165:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:165:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:165:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:166:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:167:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:167:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:167:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:167:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:168:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:169:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:177:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:189:	Parameter 'batchName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:190:	Local variable 'associatesList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:193:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:200:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:200:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:201:	Avoid variables with short names like bi
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:201:	Local variable 'bi' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:202:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:203:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:203:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:203:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:203:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:209:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:209:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:209:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/BatchesService.java:211:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:27:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:27:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:38:	Local variable 'clients' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:41:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:47:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:48:	Local variable 'tx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:50:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:50:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:55:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:56:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:63:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:76:	Parameter 'clientid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:77:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:85:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:86:	Avoid variables with short names like ci
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:86:	Local variable 'ci' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:87:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:93:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:93:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:94:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:95:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:101:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:102:	Avoid variables with short names like ci
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:102:	Local variable 'ci' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:106:	Avoid variables with short names like si
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:106:	Local variable 'si' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ClientResource.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ContextListener.java:10:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ContextListener.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ContextListener.java:13:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ContextListener.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ContextListener.java:18:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ContextListener.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ContextListener.java:19:	Local variable 'psd' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/ContextListener.java:31:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CreateUserService.java:18:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CreateUserService.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CreateUserService.java:21:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CreateUserService.java:30:	Parameter 'newUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CreateUserService.java:32:	Local variable 'userDao' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:21:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:24:	Local variable 'currs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:27:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:34:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:35:	Local variable 'tx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:43:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:44:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:55:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:56:	Avoid variables with short names like ci
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:56:	Local variable 'ci' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:57:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:63:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/CurriculumService.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServices.java:18:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServices.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServices.java:20:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'updateDB'
src/main/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServices.java:20:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServices.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServices.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServices.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServices.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServices.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServices.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServices.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServices.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServices.java:50:	Local variable 'psd' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/Delegate.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/Delegate.java:7:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/Delegate.java:9:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:47:	Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:49:	Local variable 'signAlgorithm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:50:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:52:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:64:	Local variable 'base64Key' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:85:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:97:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:98:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'expiration' (lines '98'-'101').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:102:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:103:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:115:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:116:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'claims' (lines '116'-'118').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:119:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:120:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:125:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:134:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:135:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'claims' (lines '135'-'149').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:135:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'claims' (lines '135'-'169').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:136:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'verified' (lines '136'-'155').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:136:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'verified' (lines '136'-'169').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:137:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:138:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:138:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tx' (lines '138'-'169').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:138:	Local variable 'tx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:140:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:140:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tokenUsername' (lines '140'-'150').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:140:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tokenUsername' (lines '140'-'169').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:141:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:141:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tfUser' (lines '141'-'151').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:141:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tfUser' (lines '141'-'169').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:142:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:142:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'udi' (lines '142'-'169').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:142:	Local variable 'udi' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:145:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:155:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:155:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:159:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:162:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:163:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:171:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:181:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:182:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:183:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:183:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tx' (lines '183'-'222').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:183:	Local variable 'tx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:185:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:185:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'claims' (lines '185'-'197').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:185:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'claims' (lines '185'-'222').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:186:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:186:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'verified' (lines '186'-'205').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:186:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'verified' (lines '186'-'222').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:187:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:187:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tokenUsername' (lines '187'-'198').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:187:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tokenUsername' (lines '187'-'222').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:188:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:188:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tfUser' (lines '188'-'199').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:188:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tfUser' (lines '188'-'222').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:189:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:189:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'udi' (lines '189'-'222').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:189:	Local variable 'udi' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:190:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:190:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tfRole' (lines '190'-'200').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:190:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tfRole' (lines '190'-'222').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:193:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:200:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tfRole' (lines '200'-'222').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:205:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:205:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:211:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:213:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:215:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:224:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:233:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:234:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:235:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:235:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tx' (lines '235'-'277').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:235:	Local variable 'tx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:237:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:237:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'claims' (lines '237'-'249').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:237:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'claims' (lines '237'-'277').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:238:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:238:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'verified' (lines '238'-'257').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:238:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'verified' (lines '238'-'277').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:239:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:239:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tokenUsername' (lines '239'-'250').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:239:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tokenUsername' (lines '239'-'277').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:240:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:240:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tfUser' (lines '240'-'251').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:240:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tfUser' (lines '240'-'277').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:241:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:241:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'udi' (lines '241'-'277').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:241:	Local variable 'udi' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:242:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:242:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tfRole' (lines '242'-'252').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:242:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tfRole' (lines '242'-'277').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:245:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:252:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tfRole' (lines '252'-'277').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:257:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:257:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:262:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:267:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:269:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/JWTService.java:274:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:17:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:20:	Local variable 'tfms' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:21:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:23:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:29:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:30:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:30:	Local variable 'tx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:39:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:40:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:51:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:52:	Local variable 'msi' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:53:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:59:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/MarketingStatusService.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:22:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:24:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:24:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:26:	Private field 'phw' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:26:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:103:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:105:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:116:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:125:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:127:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:136:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:138:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:147:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:149:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:150:	Avoid variables with short names like si
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:150:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'si' (lines '150'-'152').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:151:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:161:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:163:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:172:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:174:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:180:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:180:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:180:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:183:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/PersistentServiceDelegator.java:190:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:26:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:26:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:28:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:30:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:48:	Parameter 'login' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:49:	Local variable 'username' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:50:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'password' (lines '50'-'97').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:50:	Local variable 'password' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:51:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userjson' (lines '51'-'65').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:51:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userjson' (lines '51'-'97').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:52:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jwt' (lines '52'-'77').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:52:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jwt' (lines '52'-'97').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:53:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:54:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:54:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tx' (lines '54'-'97').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:54:	Local variable 'tx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:57:	Local variable 'tfUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:59:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'hashedPassword' (lines '59'-'97').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:59:	Local variable 'hashedPassword' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:62:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:64:	Local variable 'tfRole' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:65:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userjson' (lines '65'-'97').
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:67:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:68:	Local variable 'tfRoleId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:69:	Local variable 'tfUserName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:81:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:86:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:89:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/services/UserResource.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=52, ATFD=71, TCC=0.025)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:19:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:19:	Avoid really long classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:19:	The type has an NCSS line count of 4064
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:19:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:19:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:21:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:23:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:27:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:29:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:30:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:30:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:33:	Local variable 'props' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:43:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:47:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:54:	System.err.println is used
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:55:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:60:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:61:	Local variable 'tx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:64:	Local variable 'spq' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:72:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:73:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:82:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:82:	The method populateDB() has an NCSS line count of 290
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:85:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:91:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:92:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:92:	Local variable 'tx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:101:	The String literal "Infosys" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 101
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:174:	The String literal "Thomas" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 174
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:188:	The String literal "Hudson" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 188
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:189:	The String literal "David" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 189
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:194:	The String literal "Jacob" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 194
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:196:	The String literal "Allen" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 196
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:206:	The String literal "Adam" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 206
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:208:	The String literal "Nicholas" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 208
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:210:	The String literal "Andrew" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 210
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:215:	The String literal "Baker" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 215
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:221:	The String literal "Carlos" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 221
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:226:	The String literal "Steven" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 226
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:228:	The String literal "Samuel" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 228
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:229:	The String literal "Jackson" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 229
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:232:	The String literal "Peter" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 232
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:235:	The String literal "Jack" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 235
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:237:	The String literal "Justin" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 237
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:238:	The String literal "Richard" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 238
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:240:	The String literal "John" appears 14 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 240
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:241:	The String literal "Benjamin" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 241
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:246:	The String literal "Wilson" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 246
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:326:	The String literal "Good" appears 45 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 326
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:362:	The String literal "No Good" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 362
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:444:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:445:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:448:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:449:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:449:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:450:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:453:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:457:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:457:	The method populateDBSF() has an NCSS line count of 1288
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:457:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:460:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:466:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:466:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:467:	Local variable 'tx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:467:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:1756:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:1757:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:1759:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:1760:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:1760:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:1761:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:1764:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:1769:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:1769:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:1769:	The method populateDBSF2() has an NCSS line count of 1255
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3027:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3027:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3027:	The method populateDBSF3() has an NCSS line count of 1113
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3097:	The String literal "Alexander" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,097
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3100:	The String literal "Nguyen" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,100
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3103:	The String literal "Michael" appears 13 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,103
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3109:	The String literal "Christopher" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,109
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3113:	The String literal "Stephen" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,113
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3119:	The String literal "Paul" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,119
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3124:	The String literal "Kevin" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,124
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3132:	The String literal "Daniel" appears 14 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,132
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3146:	The String literal "Perez" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,146
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3148:	The String literal "Jonathan" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,148
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3148:	The String literal "Lee" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,148
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3155:	The String literal "Brandon" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,155
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3166:	The String literal "Robert" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,166
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3167:	The String literal "Eric" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,167
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3186:	The String literal "Ryan" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,186
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3195:	The String literal "Jose" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,195
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3201:	The String literal "Joshua" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,201
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3212:	The String literal "Joseph" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,212
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3225:	The String literal "William" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,225
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3232:	The String literal "Tyler" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,232
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3245:	The String literal "James" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,245
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3255:	The String literal "Taylor" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,255
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3274:	The String literal "Matthew" appears 15 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,274
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3293:	The String literal "Christian" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,293
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3322:	The String literal "Wang" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,322
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3350:	The String literal "Anthony" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,350
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3357:	The String literal "Kim" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,357
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3368:	The String literal "Alex" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,368
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3381:	The String literal "Yang" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,381
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3394:	The String literal "Chen" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,394
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3427:	The String literal "Jeffrey" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,427
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3465:	The String literal "Jordan" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,465
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3617:	The String literal "Patrick" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,617
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:3740:	The String literal "Martin" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,740
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4197:	The String literal "Rejected" appears 16 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 4,197
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4198:	The String literal "Selected for Next Round" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 4,198
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4203:	The String literal "eIntegerern ,  Selected for Permanent Placement with Client" appears 22 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 4,203
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4221:	The String literal "eIntegerern ,  Selected for Client Project (NO Client training)" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 4,221
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4286:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4286:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4286:	Avoid variables with short names like k
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4286:	Avoid variables with short names like of
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4286:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4286:	Parameter 'j' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4286:	Parameter 'k' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4286:	Parameter 'of' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4286:	Parameter 'of2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4286:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4286:	The method populateBatch() has an NPath complexity of 3125
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4287:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4288:	Local variable 'batch' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4289:	Local variable 'tfc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4290:	Local variable 'tfbl' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4302:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4302:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4302:	Avoid variables with short names like k
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4302:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4302:	Parameter 'j' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4302:	Parameter 'k' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4302:	Parameter 'localDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4302:	Parameter 'localDate2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4302:	The method populatePlacement() has an NPath complexity of 15625
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4303:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4303:	Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4303:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4304:	Local variable 'placement' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4305:	Local variable 'client' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4306:	Avoid variables with short names like ec
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4306:	Local variable 'ec' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4307:	Local variable 'assoc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4318:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4318:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4318:	Avoid variables with short names like k
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4318:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4318:	Avoid variables with short names like of
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4318:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4318:	Parameter 'j' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4318:	Parameter 'k' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4318:	Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4318:	Parameter 'of' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4318:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4318:	The method populateInterview() has an NPath complexity of 3125
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4319:	Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4319:	Parameter 'm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4319:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4320:	Local variable 'tfi' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4321:	Local variable 'tfc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4322:	Local variable 'tfec' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4323:	Local variable 'tfit' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4324:	Local variable 'tfa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4337:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4337:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4337:	Avoid variables with short names like k
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4337:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4337:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4337:	Parameter 'j' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4337:	Parameter 'k' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4337:	Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4337:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4337:	Parameter 'string2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4337:	The method populateAssociate() has an NPath complexity of 3125
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4338:	Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4338:	Parameter 'm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4338:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4339:	Local variable 'tfa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4340:	Local variable 'tfms' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4341:	Local variable 'tfc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4342:	Local variable 'tfec' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4343:	Local variable 'tfb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4356:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4356:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4356:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4356:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4358:	Local variable 'tfbl' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4365:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4365:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4365:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4365:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4367:	Local variable 'tfms' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4375:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4375:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4375:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4375:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4377:	Local variable 'tfc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4385:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4385:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4385:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4385:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4387:	Local variable 'tfit' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4394:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4394:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4394:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4394:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4396:	Local variable 'tfc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4404:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4404:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4404:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4404:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DBLoaderUtil.java:4406:	Local variable 'tfec' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:10:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:16:	Parameter 'tfa' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like ai
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:17:	Local variable 'ai' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:49:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:51:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:53:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:55:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:78:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'tfa' (lines '78'-'98').
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:78:	Parameter 'batch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:78:	The method map() has an NPath complexity of 7500
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:79:	Local variable 'batchName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:80:	Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:81:	Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:82:	Local variable 'curriculum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:83:	Local variable 'location' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:85:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:85:	Local variable 'startDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:86:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:86:	Local variable 'endDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:87:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:87:	Local variable 'curriculumName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:88:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:88:	Local variable 'locationName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:90:	Avoid variables with short names like bi
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:90:	Local variable 'bi' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:91:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:93:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:96:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:97:	Local variable 'tfa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:104:	Parameter 'tfc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:104:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:105:	Avoid variables with short names like ci
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:105:	Local variable 'ci' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:111:	Parameter 'tfms' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:111:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:112:	Local variable 'msi' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:118:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'tfa' (lines '118'-'124').
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:118:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'tfi' (lines '118'-'135').
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:118:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'tfp' (lines '118'-'138').
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:118:	Parameter 'client' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:118:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:119:	Local variable 'cli' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:122:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:123:	Local variable 'tfa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:126:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:126:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:131:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:131:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:133:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:134:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:134:	Local variable 'tfi' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:136:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:137:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:137:	Local variable 'tfp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:142:	Parameter 'tfp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:143:	Avoid variables with short names like pi
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:143:	Local variable 'pi' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:145:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:147:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:149:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:154:	Parameter 'tfi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:155:	Avoid variables with short names like ii
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:155:	Local variable 'ii' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:157:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:159:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:161:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:171:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'tfa' (lines '171'-'177').
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:171:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'tfp' (lines '171'-'181').
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:171:	Parameter 'tec' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:172:	Local variable 'eci' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:175:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:176:	Local variable 'tfa' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:179:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:180:	Local variable 'tfp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/Dao2DoMapper.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DriverUtil.java:12:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DriverUtil.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DriverUtil.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DriverUtil.java:22:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'configFile' (lines '22'-'22').
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DriverUtil.java:24:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'configFile' (lines '24'-'31').
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DriverUtil.java:24:	Local variable 'configFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DriverUtil.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DriverUtil.java:33:	Parameter 'browser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DriverUtil.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DriverUtil.java:38:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DriverUtil.java:41:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DriverUtil.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DriverUtil.java:48:	Local variable 'chromeExe' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DriverUtil.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/DriverUtil.java:54:	Local variable 'firefoxExe' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:24:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:29:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:37:	Parameter 'conf' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:39:	Avoid variables with short names like sf
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:44:	Local variable 'dscpi' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:45:	Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:45:	In J2EE, getClassLoader() might not work as expected.  Use Thread.currentThread().getContextClassLoader() instead.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:83:	Parameter 'props' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:84:	Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:86:	Local variable 'conf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:101:	Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:102:	Local variable 'conf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:119:	Local variable 'drivers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:121:	Local variable 'driver' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/HibernateUtil.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/LogUtil.java:14:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/LogUtil.java:14:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/LogUtil.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:19:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:20:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:24:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:24:	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:30:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:31:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:35:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:35:	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:40:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:43:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:44:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:45:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:48:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HASH_ALGORITHM_INDEX
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:49:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:50:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:51:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:52:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:53:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:55:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:59:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:59:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:61:	Local variable 'random' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:62:	Local variable 'salt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:66:	Local variable 'hash' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:67:	Local variable 'hashSize' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:73:	Parameter 'correctHash' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:73:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:78:	Parameter 'correctHash' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:78:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:78:	The method verifyPassword() has an NPath complexity of 256
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:81:	Local variable 'params' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iterations' (lines '91'-'93').
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:93:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'iterations' (lines '93'-'133').
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:98:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:129:	Local variable 'testHash' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:135:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:135:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:135:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:135:	Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:135:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:137:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:142:	Parameter 'bytes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:142:	Parameter 'iterations' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:142:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:142:	Parameter 'salt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:145:	Local variable 'spec' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:146:	Local variable 'skf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:155:	Parameter 'hex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:159:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PasswordStorage.java:159:	Parameter 'array' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:17:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:18:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:22:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:26:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:27:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:28:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:29:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:30:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:31:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:38:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:38:	Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:47:	Parameter 'associates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:49:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:56:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeSet'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:60:	Parameter 'batches' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:62:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:73:	Parameter 'clients' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:75:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:89:	Parameter 'curriculums' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:91:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:97:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:101:	Parameter 'marketingStatuses' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:101:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:103:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:109:	Parameter 'batches' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:117:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:118:	Local variable 'batches' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:123:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:123:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:126:	Parameter 'bi1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:126:	Parameter 'bi2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:126:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:127:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:128:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:129:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:130:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:135:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:142:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:147:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:149:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:152:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:156:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:160:	Parameter 'totals' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:160:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:164:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:168:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:172:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:176:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:180:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:184:	Parameter 'associates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/PersistentStorage.java:184:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=68, ATFD=47, TCC=0.023391812865497075)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:19:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:19:	The class 'StatusInfoUtil' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:19:	The class 'StatusInfoUtil' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allAssociatesStatusInfoName
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:24:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allAssociatesStatusInfo
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:25:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like specificClientStatusInfo
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:26:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:26:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like specificCurriculumStatusInfo
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:27:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:27:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:66:	Parameter 'clientID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:67:	Local variable 'clientStatusInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:68:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:69:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:81:	Parameter 'curriculumID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like curriculumStatusInfo
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:82:	Local variable 'curriculumStatusInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:83:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:84:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:88:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:97:	Parameter 'statusID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:98:	Local variable 'clientStatusInfos' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:102:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:111:	Parameter 'statusID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like curriculumStatusInfos
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:112:	Local variable 'curriculumStatusInfos' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:116:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:127:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'statusInfo' (lines '127'-'134').
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:127:	Parameter 'statusInfos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:128:	Parameter 'statusID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:129:	Local variable 'maps' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:132:	Local variable 'statusInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:133:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:133:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:133:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:150:	Parameter 'statusInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:151:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:155:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:164:	Parameter 'clientID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:164:	Parameter 'clientStatusInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:165:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:169:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:178:	Avoid excessively long variable names like curriculumStatusInfo
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:178:	Parameter 'curriculumID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:178:	Parameter 'curriculumStatusInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:179:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:191:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'associate' (lines '191'-'200').
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:191:	Parameter 'associates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:192:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allAssociatesStatusInfo
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:192:	Local variable 'allAssociatesStatusInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:195:	Avoid empty while statements
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:195:	Avoid empty while statements
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:198:	Local variable 'associate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:212:	Parameter 'associate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:214:	Local variable 'tfClient' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:216:	Local variable 'tfClientId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:218:	Local variable 'clientID' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:219:	Local variable 'clientStatusInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:222:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:223:	Local variable 'tfClientName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:239:	Parameter 'associate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:241:	Local variable 'tfBatch' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:243:	Local variable 'tfCurriculum' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:245:	Local variable 'tfCurriculumId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:246:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:247:	Local variable 'curriculumID' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:248:	Avoid excessively long variable names like curriculumStatusInfo
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:248:	Local variable 'curriculumStatusInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:252:	Local variable 'tfCurriculumName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:270:	Parameter 'associate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:270:	Parameter 'statusInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:270:	The method 'incrementStatusCount' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:270:	The method 'incrementStatusCount' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:271:	Local variable 'tfMarketingStatus' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:273:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tfMarketingStatusId
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:273:	Local variable 'tfMarketingStatusId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:275:	Local variable 'statusId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:275:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:317:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:327:	Parameter 'statusID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:327:	Parameter 'statusInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:327:	The method 'getStatusCount' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:327:	The method 'getStatusCount' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:331:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:333:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:335:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:337:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:339:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:341:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:343:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:345:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:347:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:349:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:352:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:366:	Parameter 'statusInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:368:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:369:	Local variable 'trainingMapped' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:370:	Local variable 'trainingUnmapped' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:371:	Local variable 'reservedMapped' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:372:	Local variable 'openUnmapped' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:373:	Local variable 'selectedMapped' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:374:	Local variable 'selectedUnmapped' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:375:	Local variable 'confirmedMapped' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:376:	Local variable 'confirmedUnmapped' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:377:	Local variable 'deployedMapped' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:378:	Local variable 'deployedUnmapped' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:379:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:389:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:391:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:402:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtil.java:403:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:20:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:22:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:23:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:40:	Avoid variables with short names like dp
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:40:	Local variable 'dp' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:41:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'dp'
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:45:	Parameter 'marketingStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/MarketingStatusDaoTest.java:46:	Local variable 'tfms' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/PersistentStorageTest.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/PersistentStorageTest.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/PersistentStorageTest.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/PersistentStorageTest.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/PersistentStorageTest.java:32:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/PersistentStorageTest.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/PersistentStorageTest.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/PersistentStorageTest.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/PersistentStorageTest.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/PersistentStorageTest.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/PersistentStorageTest.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/PersistentStorageTest.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/PersistentStorageTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/PersistentStorageTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/PersistentStorageTest.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/dao/PersistentStorageTest.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/factory/ClientPage.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/factory/ClientPage.java:10:	Parameter 'driver' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/factory/ClientPage.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/factory/ClientPage.java:15:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/test/java/com/revature/factory/ClientPage.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/factory/ClientPage.java:18:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/test/java/com/revature/factory/ClientPage.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/factory/ClientPage.java:21:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/test/java/com/revature/factory/ClientPage.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/factory/ClientPage.java:24:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/test/java/com/revature/factory/ClientPage.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/runner/ClientPageRunner.java:12:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/revature/runner/ClientPageRunner.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/runner/ClientPageRunner.java:14:	Avoid using short method names
src/test/java/com/revature/runner/ClientPageRunner.java:14:	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/revature/runner/ClientPageRunner.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:19:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:22:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'clientDaoImpl'.
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:22:	Private field 'clientDaoImpl' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:25:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'clientResource'.
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:25:	Private field 'clientResource' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:34:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:35:	Local variable 'tx' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:37:	Local variable 'clients' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/services/ClientResourceTest.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServicesTest.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServicesTest.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServicesTest.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServicesTest.java:13:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServicesTest.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServicesTest.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServicesTest.java:17:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServicesTest.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServicesTest.java:23:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServicesTest.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/DatabaseServicesTest.java:29:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:27:	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:32:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:38:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '38'-'41').
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:45:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:54:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '54'-'57').
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:61:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/services/JwtServiceTest.java:70:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:23:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:23:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:25:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'driver'
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:28:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'clientPage'
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:28:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:32:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:33:	Local variable 'browser' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:41:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:42:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:47:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:47:	Parameter 'client' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:48:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:53:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:54:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:60:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:61:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:65:	Local variable 'actions' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:72:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:78:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:78:	Parameter 'client' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:79:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:84:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:85:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:90:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:91:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:95:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:95:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:96:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/steps/ClientPageSteps.java:101:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/test/AssociationMappingTest.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/revature/test/AssociationMappingTest.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/test/AssociationMappingTest.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/test/AssociationMappingTest.java:18:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/test/java/com/revature/test/AssociationMappingTest.java:18:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/AssociationMappingTest.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/test/AssociationMappingTest.java:22:	Local variable 'associate' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/AssociationMappingTest.java:22:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/test/AssociationMappingTest.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/test/AssociationMappingTest.java:23:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/test/AssociationMappingTest.java:24:	Local variable 'marketingstatus' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/AssociationMappingTest.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/test/AssociationMappingTest.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/test/AssociationMappingTest.java:25:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:21:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like f1
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:23:	Local variable 'f1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:26:	Local variable 'expectedUrl' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:32:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:32:	The String literal "Navigated to correct webpage" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 32
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:33:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pageNavigationError
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:34:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:34:	The String literal "Didn't navigate to correct webpage" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 34
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:39:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:40:	Local variable 'batchListing' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:45:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:47:	Local variable 'expectedUrl' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:51:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:52:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pageNavigationError
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:53:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:58:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:59:	Local variable 'expectedUrl' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:63:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:64:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pageNavigationError
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:65:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:70:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:71:	Local variable 'startdate' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:77:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:78:	Local variable 'enddate' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:84:	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:84:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:88:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:89:	Local variable 'batchDetails' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:95:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:95:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:96:	Local variable 'expectedUrl' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:100:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:101:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pageNavigationError
src/test/java/com/revature/test/BatchesTest.java:102:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:12:	Class names should begin with an uppercase character
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:12:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:16:	Local variable 'associateservice' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:17:	Local variable 'bigdecimal' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:18:	Local variable 'associate' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:19:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:24:	Local variable 'associateservice' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:25:	Local variable 'bigdecimal' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:26:	Local variable 'associate' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:27:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:32:	Local variable 'associateService' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:35:	Local variable 'associateInfo' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:43:	Local variable 'associateService' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/test/testAssociateService.java:46:	Local variable 'associateInfo' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:33:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:33:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getStageBasedOnStatusInfosAndStatusIDMethod
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:35:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:36:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:40:	Dont create instances of already existing BigInteger and BigDecimal (ZERO, ONE, TEN)
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:40:	Local variable 'aBigDecimal' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:41:	Local variable 'tfClient' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:42:	Local variable 'tfCurriculum' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:43:	Local variable 'tfBatch' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:47:	Local variable 'tfAssociate' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:56:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:72:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:74:	Local variable 'statusInfos' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:76:	Local variable 'maps' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:78:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:79:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:81:	Local variable 'count' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:84:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:89:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:91:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allAssociatesStatusInfo
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:91:	Local variable 'allAssociatesStatusInfo' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:92:	Local variable 'clientsStatusInfo' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:93:	Avoid excessively long variable names like curriculumsStatusInfo
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:93:	Local variable 'curriculumsStatusInfo' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/utils/StatusInfoUtilTest.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPage.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPage.java:10:	Parameter 'driver' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPage.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPage.java:15:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPage.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPage.java:18:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPage.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPage.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like firstAssociateListing
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPage.java:21:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPage.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:5:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:20:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:21:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'drive'
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:22:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'batchPage'
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:22:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:26:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:27:	Avoid variables with short names like f1
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:27:	Local variable 'f1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:35:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:39:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:42:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:47:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:49:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:55:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:57:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:62:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:65:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:72:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:75:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:78:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:82:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:85:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:90:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:92:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:95:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:100:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:103:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:110:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:113:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:119:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:123:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/test/java/com/revature/webdriver/BatchPageTest.java:125:	System.out.println is used
